# At-Home-Group
## The project covers the Data Gathering and Preparation. To do so, the data points extracted are related to demographic and socio-economic factors of the zip codes in which the stores are located from several governmental sources and related sources. Then, there is a phase of Exploratory Data Analysis which stimulates the development of basic data understanding, followed by a section of Feature Engineering to maximize the potential usability of the available features.
## Last, there is the Modeling section in which is possible to find a supervised machine learning model that helps satisfy the business need declared above, as well as the Evaluation of it. It is important to clarify that the last phase of the CRISP-DM project cycle includes the Deployment stage.
## Once we have performed all the calculations and modeling throughout the project, we can conclude with the following ideas. First, we can state that the model has been able to predict the average sales growth of At Home Group stores. The support vector regressor had the best performance metrics between the three models created. This model was able to calculate the average sales growth value by store with an error or an average difference of only 0.20 rate value. In other words, the difference between the real value and the predicted one for the average sales growth will be of 20%.
## On the other hand, we believe that because the model delivered a negative coefficient of determination, the selected features are not the most appropriate for the dataset in study. In that sense, the predictor variables were not able to explain the variability of the target feature with this specific model. Additionally, it is necessary to mention that another factor that could have influenced the performance of the model could be that the dataset used in the project is considered small because it only had 201 observations, which do proportionate enough training evidence to the model to be trained sufficiently.
